fixed `smelt` objective - now requires a QuestItem instead of a BlockSelector (#2258)
BetonQuest/BetonQuest: docs/Documentation/Migration.md

- The `experience` objective, condition and event now supports decimal numbers.  
  For example, you can use `experience 1.5` to check for one and a half level.  
  You can convert raw experience points to levels, using such decimal numbers.

### 2.0.0-DEV-538 - Smelt Objective

> The `smelt` objective now requires a item instead io a BlockSelector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `smelt` objective now requires a quest item instead of a BlockSelector.
```

So if you used the BlockSelector until now, you now need to define the item you want to smelt in the items section.
It is recommended to use the `/q item` command to save the target item from in-game if you hold it in your hand.

> After you done this, you need to replace the BlockSelector with the item name in the `smelt` objective. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you done this, you need to replace the BlockSelector in the `smelt` objective with the item's name. 
```
